Why are you organizing me? Are you or something?
Their thing is that he should die,
And after I was born, you teased me about my brother and tiger,
How do we get up?
Yes, I just want you to let me go!
What is this happening again and again today?
Well, no one I understand.
Then, don’t know so much, even if something happens to you, Chang Zhou’s family,
Even if you are now, it is very early, actually, right?
Right, but why are you trying to stir up brother?
What are you like?
Who are you going to fire if you are not old? You?
Seniority, so what?
No attack now
Lairou is closed
You want your hair to penetrate me and my body is closed
I can have a lot of money
soft soft soft soft soft
What will I let you do
What are you doing to protect me?
Come on, do it. Say goodbye to that one. Say goodbye to it. Say goodbye to it. Say goodbye to that one.
Who is this?
I want it myself
This is what I'm saying if you find someone to kill someone.
You are the Dragon King. If you know it, it will be too online. Kill me.
Net family goes bankrupt
Because adults and I
Kill me personally without asking, okay?
Oh oh oh oh